Migrate `CSSStyleDeclaration` to WebIDL2JS (#116)
jsdom/cssstyle: README.md

[![NpmVersion](https://img.shields.io/npm/v/cssstyle.svg)](https://www.npmjs.com/package/cssstyle) [![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/jsdom/cssstyle.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/jsdom/cssstyle) [![codecov](https://codecov.io/gh/jsdom/cssstyle/branch/master/graph/badge.svg)](https://codecov.io/gh/jsdom/cssstyle)

## Background

This package is an extension of the CSSStyleDeclaration class in Nikita Vasilyev's [CSSOM](https://github.com/NV/CSSOM) with added support for CSS 2 & 3 properties. The primary use case is for testing browser code in a Node environment.

It was originally created by Chad Walker, it is now maintained by Jon Sakas and other open source contributors.

Bug reports and pull requests are welcome.

## APIs

This package exposes two flavors of the `CSSStyleDeclaration` interface depending on the imported module.

### `cssstyle` module

> This module default-exports the `CSSStyleDeclaration` interface constructor, with the change that it can be constructed and takes an `onChangeCallback` optional parameter:
> 
> ```ts
> export = class CSSStyleDeclaration {
>   /**
>    * @param onChangeCallback The callback that is invoked whenever a property changes.
>    */
>   constructor(onChangeCallback?: ((cssText: string) => void) | null);
> }
> ```

Reviewer: Can we stick to JavaScript? It's strange to have TypeScript in the README of a JavaScript project, and also I think more words to explain what this is is better than fewer.

```suggestion
This module default-exports the `CSSStyleDeclaration` interface constructor, with the change that it can be constructed with an optional `onChangeCallback` parameter. Whenever any CSS property is modified through an instance of this class, the callback (if provided) will be called with a string that represents all CSS properties of this element, serialized. This allows the embedding environment to properly reflect the style changes to an element's `style` attribute.

Here is a crude example of using the `onChangeCallback` to implement the `style` property of `HTMLElement`:
```js
const CSSStyleDeclaration = require('cssstyle');

class HTMLElement extends Element {
  constructor() {
    this._style = new CSSStyleDeclaration(newCSSText => {
      this.setAttributeNS(null, "style", newCSSText);
    });
  }
  get style() {
    return this._style;
  }
  set style(text) {
    this._style.cssText = text;
  }
}
<!-- the suggestion block doesn't let me type this: ``` -->
```

Author: For future reference, you can do that by using more than 3 ````​```​```` characters:

`````markdown
````suggestion
This module default-exports the `CSSStyleDeclaration` interface constructor, with the change that it can be constructed with an optional `onChangeCallback` parameter. Whenever any CSS property is modified through an instance of this class, the callback (if provided) will be called with a string that represents all CSS properties of this element, serialized. This allows the embedding environment to properly reflect the style changes to an element's `style` attribute.

Here is a crude example of using the `onChangeCallback` to implement the `style` property of `HTMLElement`:
```js
const CSSStyleDeclaration = require('cssstyle');

class HTMLElement extends Element {
  constructor() {
    this._style = new CSSStyleDeclaration(newCSSText => {
      this.setAttributeNS(null, "style", newCSSText);
    });
  }
  get style() {
    return this._style;
  }
  set style(text) {
    this._style.cssText = text;
  }
}
```
````
`````

### `cssstyle/webidl2js-wrapper` module

> This module exports the `CSSStyleDeclaration` [interface wrapper API](https://github.com/jsdom/webidl2js#for-interfaces) generated by [webidl2js](https://github.com/jsdom/webidl2js).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This module exports the `CSSStyleDeclaration` [interface wrapper API](https://github.com/jsdom/webidl2js#for-interfaces) generated by [webidl2js](https://github.com/jsdom/webidl2js). Unlike the default export, `CSSStyleDeclaration` constructors installed by the webidl2js wrapper do _not_ support construction, just like how they actually are in browsers. Creating new `CSSStyleDeclaration` objects can be done with the [`create`](https://github.com/jsdom/webidl2js#createglobalobject-constructorargs-privatedata) method of the wrapper.
```

#### `privateData`

> The `privateData` argument takes the following properties:
> 
> ```ts
> interface CSSStyleDeclarationPrivateData {
>   /**
>    * The callback that is invoked whenever a property changes.
>    */
>   onChangeCallback?: ((cssText: string) => void) | null
> }
> ```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `privateData` parameter of `create` and `createImpl` provides a way to specify the `onChangeCallback` that is a constructor parameter in the default export. Only the `onChangeCallback` property is supported on `privateData` currently, with the same semantics as the constructor parameter documented above.
```
